Add mapping for each event (#6226)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-google-analytics-4-web/index.md

2. The **Page Views** setting must be toggled on. When the **Page Views** setting is toggled on, a `page_view` event will be sent to Google Analytics 4 Web. If you're manually sending `page_view` events instead, see below for additional settings needed in your Analytics workspace. 
3. Ensure that you're calling `analytics.page()` on page load. Analytics.js requires an initial Page call to send data to Google Analytics 4 Web. The Segment snippet includes this initial call by default.

> In addition to the steps above, ensure that you have a mapping configured for each event you want to send to GA4. To add a new mapping, click on the **+ New Mapping** button in the top right-hand side of the destination mappings page and choose the event you want to send to GA4. For more information on which event mapping to choose, refer to [Recommneded Events](https://segment-docs.netlify.app/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-google-analytics-4-web/#recommended-events) or [Custom Events](https://segment-docs.netlify.app/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-google-analytics-4-web/#custom-events). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the steps above, ensure that you have a mapping configured for each event you want to send to GA4. To add a new mapping, click on the **+ New Mapping** button in the top right-hand side of the destination mappings page and choose the event you want to send to GA4. For more information on which event mapping to choose, refer to Segment's [Recommended Events](/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-google-analytics-4-web/#recommended-events) or [Custom Events](/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-google-analytics-4-web/#custom-events) documentation. 
```
